Remove build example from docs/experimental-windows.md (#1304)
k0sproject/k0s: docs/experimental-windows.md

## Prerequisites

The cluster must be running at least one worker node and control plane on Linux. You can use Windows to run additional worker nodes.

## Run k0s

**Note**: The k0s.exe supervises kubelet.exe and kube-proxy.exe.

> During the first run, the calico install script is created as `C:\bootstrap.ps1`. This bootstrap script downloads the calico binaries, builds pause container and set ups vSwitch settings.

Reviewer: "set ups" should probably be "sets up"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the first run, the calico install script is created as `C:\bootstrap.ps1`. This bootstrap script downloads the calico binaries, builds pause container and sets up vSwitch settings.
```

Author: Thank you for your suggestion, I updated this.
